Devious Devices

By The DD Team:

- Kimy (Lead Maintainer)
- Min (Founder)
- Feuertin
- El Duderino

Past Contributors: Zadil, Coopervane, Koffii, Aelie, zenetx, Srende, Lordescobar666, xaz, Cedec0, MaikCG, Princessity, Pincopallino, Heretical

FEATURES

Devious Devices is a collection of restraining devices and toys to torment your Dragonborn, including, but not limited to: chastity belts, collars, cuffs, vibrators, gags, armbinders, yokes, slave harnesses, straitjackets and even hobble skirts! And don't worry about wiggling out of them: All devices lock in place, and only the correct key can open the locks! And these devices don't just look restrictive, they ARE! These shackles really lock your hands on your back and make you unable to fight. Running in leg irons? No way! And yes, wearing a gag will make you speak gibberish!

Escape system: Nobody likes to be tied up. At least not against their will! Try to escape your bindings by attempting to struggle out from them, cut them, or pick the locks! You might succeed! Or you will just tighten your restraints, or break your lockpicks. If you are really unlucky, you will jam the lock and be unable to unlock yourself even if you have the key, unless you manage to repair the lock.

Framework: Want to create your own bondage mod? Kinky quests? Custom restraints? DD is providing all needed functionality for that, so you don't have to! Want to create custom bondage items? Just make your item use the DD scripts and customize dozens of properties to your taste and create your own toys without writing one line of code! Items with custom keys? No problem! Multiple locks? For sure! Timed locks? You bet! Cuttable material? Yep, got that, too! Impossible to struggle out from? Check! Items that cannot be removed as long as another is locked on? Yes, even that! And if all of that isn't enough, override the item behavior with a custom script. If you think it can't be done, think again!

Devious Effects: Unique and devious effects to tantalize, titillate, and torment the Dragonborn and her companions! Whether it's inflatable, vibrating, or simply impossible to remove, you'll find something different with each item! All plugs increase stimulation, and do so at different rates based on what you do; sitting down or riding a horse is much more intense than just walking around! The inflatable plugs can be squeezed manually for more stimulation, or by accident as you travel around Skyrim! Want something more intense? Try the vibrating soulgem plugs! Some are activated by magic, others will have a mind of their own and activate randomly or after building up for a good strong burst of vibrations. But watch out, there are some plugs out there that are much more devious: the victim will be driven to the edge by these relentless plugs, but never allowed sweet release...

Full NPC Support: All devious devices are capable of being worn by NPCs, and most devious effects will function on them as well! Show your companion who's in charge, or teach that annoying bitch in the shop a lesson!

Intuitive Interfaces: No need to use spells, shouts, or other quirky methods to enjoy these devices! Just click them in your inventory and choose what you want to do with them via the easy to use interaction menu!

Sexlab Support: While in a chastity belt, the Dragonborn's (or any NPC's) most intimate of intimates will be off limits! The actors will be unable to use any sex scenes involving the "Vaginal", "Anal", "Masturbation", or "Fisting" tags. In most cases, the scene will be replaced by a chastity-friendly scene, including Oral, Blowjobs, Handjobs, Boobjobs, and whatever else may be available. While wearing gags, the Oral animations will be off limits as well, unless it happens to be a ring gag.
 
Sexlab Aroused Support: Being locked away in cold steel may not seem so bad at first, but the longer the Dragonborn is locked away, the more she'll crave that sweet release! Animations, on-screen messages, and even sounds will change depending upon arousal level; same with NPCs!

COMPATIBILITY AND CONFLICTS

General remark: The point of this mod is locking the player in restraints hard to remove. This feature might cause issues with other mods not expecting the character to wear unremovable items. Known issues will be listed in this section. Feel free to report incompatibilities in the support thread.
 
- Frostfall: While wearing restraints the player might be unable to keep herself warm. 
- Player Succubus Quest: Transformation will wipe restraints from your character, so this function is generally incompatible with DD. Disable Transformation if you want to use this mod with and DD mod.
- Trapped in Rubber: is using custom restraints not compatible with DD in general. Solution: Make sure you're not wearing any DD items before you start the quest and suspend any mod that might equip DD items on you while playing TiR.
- SPERG: Works fine, but set Hand to Hand combat to "Manual" in its MCM to avoid annoying clicking sounds when wearing wrist restraints.
- Play Random Idle - can break custom idles used by our restraints.

REQUIREMENTS

Devious Devices - Assets Version 3 or higher - http://www.loverslab...devices-assets/
SexLab 1.6+ - http://www.loverslab...4-updated-1230/
SexLab Aroused Redux - http://www.loverslab.com/files/file/1421-sexlab-aroused-redux/
FNIS 7.0 - http://www.nexusmods...im/mods/11811/?
XP32 Maximum Skeleton Extended: http://www.loverslab...leton-extended/

UPGRADE INSTRUCTIONS

Version 4.2: No new game required when updating from any 4.x version.

INSTALLATION

1. Install ALL requirements listed above using your favorite mod manager, including THEIR respective requirements.
2. Install this mod.
3. Run FNIS when done
4. Start up Skyrim, and either create a New Game, or load your Save.
5. Save the game, and then load the save you just created (DD will not register Animations / Events until you load a save after it has been installed).
6. Install all three DD mods with your mod manager of choice. 
7. And don't forget to use Bodyslide to build the assets. Half of all user support requests root in them not running Bodyslide. RUN BODYSLIDE!!!!

KNOWN ISSUES

- The 'equipped' indicator for the belt may not update immediately following player interaction. This can be solved easily by closing and reopening the inventory or selecting another item (It is simply a display quirk).
- Attempting to interact with a specific device while having multiple instances of it in your inventory is ill-advised, due to a limitation with Skyrim. Doing so will unpredictably cause Skyrim to not send the Papyrus events that the devices require to function (OnUnequipped / OnEquipped), leading to a device visually being equipped, despite being unequipped in your inventory. If you encounter this issue, remove all but one copy of the problem-device from your inventory, then re-equip said device.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Q: How to best report any issues with Devious Devices?
A: Post your issue in the support thread and describe what happened, and how. In enough detail that we might have a chance to understand what went wrong there. Oh, and post a Papyrus log if you can. While we might be able to guess the cause of your problem every now and then, chances are that we will never find out what went wrong unless you provide me with the log. DO NOT PM THE DD TEAM WITH SUPPORT REQUESTS!!!

Q: I have this and that problem with an older version of Devious Devices.
A: Please don't ask about older versions. Ever. We release patches for a reason. Use them! Some of them even might have fixed the exact bug you're reporting to occur in your ancient version of this mod. Only the newest version is supported at any time. Don't post any questions in the support thread unless you're running the -newest- version of this mod AND all of its requirements.

Q: I have a support question and wonder if I should PM it to you.
A: Please, PLEASE do NOT use PMs for support issues and bug reports. We might/will ignore them and delete them without responding to them! Support requests belong in the support thread and nowhere else, so other people having the same issue can see the reply as well, or even help each other, so I don't have to answer ALL questions people might have.

Q: Can I suggest new features?
A: Absolutely! We have implemented a lot of user-suggested features and will continue doing so. But please understand that we cannot implement them all and that some others we really just won't like enough. 

Q: Will this mod ever support male player characters?
A: Not officially. There are conversions for male characters available on LoversLab. YMMV.

Q: Why are the bundled items changing my body when equipped? Why are some items invisible? Why is everything so messed up???
A: Use Bodyslide, Luke! It's listed in the requirements for a reason. You need to actually build the assets with Bodyslide!

Q: Is this mod compatible with <obscure mod you found in a remote corner of the internet and nobody else but you ever seems to use>?
A: Ummm...I dunno.. You tell me! We list all known incompatibilities in this ReadMe, but there are really a lot of mods out there, and we can't possibly test them all.

Q: Why don't you add <items from this and that other restraint mod available on LL> to DD's item library?
A: If the other mod has been out on LL for more than a couple months and we haven't added the items, chances are that we don't like them enough and/or their creators didn't give permission.

Q: Can I translate your mod?
A: Yes. But please re-post only the files needed for the actual translation, as a patch with a link to the offical mod! Do NOT re-distribute the entire mod. If you want to post the translated files outsides of LL, please ask for permission first.

Q: I found this awesome model that would be a perfect fit for a DD item. Will you include it?
A: We will not put in anything in DD that doesn't support both CBBE Bodyslide and UUNP. The model AND the sliders obviously also need to come with permissions to freely include and distribute it in 3rd party mods. If it does, feel free to suggest it!

Q: Where can I get the items in game?
A: DD itself won't equip anything on you. It is a library of bondage items and mechanics related to them. You will need mods actually using the framework, such as Captured Dreams, Shout Like a Virgin, or Deviously Cursed Loot.

Q: Will this mod ever support another body than CBBE Bodyslide or UUNP?
A: That's very extremely unlikely. Unless another body completely takes over the market in the future, we will not even think about it. CBBE and UUNP are good enough and support pretty much any imaginable body shape through Bodyslide. There is zero reason for more body mods, really.

Q: I unequipped an item, but it's still visually on my character!
A: See the "Known Issues" section.

RECOMMENDED MODS
See the list at http://www.loverslab...devious-skyrim/

PERMISSIONS

Anyone that wishes to use this mod as a dependency for their own work is quite welcome to. Proper credit is appreciated. 

- You can NOT bundle/re-distribute any parts of this mod with your own (e.g. include patched versions of DD's files in your mod) as future updates to DD might break your and other mods if you do
- You can NOT post this mod or any of its parts (including any derived works) outsides of LL without explicit permission.
- You can NOT incorporate any parts of this mod in any for-profit project (Donations/Patreons are fine as long as they are strictly voluntary)
- You can NOT incorporate any parts of this mod in a project that's going to be uploaded to Bethesda.Net and/or made available for consoles in any other way.
- You can NOT use any parts of this mod in a closed source project. No exceptions, ever. No need to ask for permission either. It won't be given.
- You can NOT publish a fork of this mod (as in using it as a base for a project offering similar functionality) without permission. That includes porting it to other platforms/games.
- You CAN otherwise use code for your own projects as long as you include all source code with your distribution and allow others to use your own code in a similar fashion. And give proper credit where it's due. All above rules still apply! For art assets, please contact their respective creator directly.

For all third party assets used by this mod, all conditions set by their original creators apply instead. Please contact the respective author for further information on permissions etc.

FOR MODDERS
API Documentation can be found in zadlibs.psc (code comments within that file). Feel free to ask team members if you need assistance creating a mod using the resources provided by this mod.
Devious Devices utilizes Github for source control: You can view the Integration, Assets, and Expansion repositories at https://github.com/DeviousDevices/.

CONTRIBUTION LICENCE
Contributions to DD are welcome! If you are considering contributing to DD, here are our guidelines for your consideration:
By contributing assets or code to DD, you grant the DD team represented by its lead maintainer a non-exclusive, non-revokable, and non-transferable licence to use your assets without limitation in Devious Devices or projects for other games, provided that proper credits are given. You still retain full rights to your work. Everything you create is still yours. Instead of this licence, you may also opt to place your work under an alternative licence compatible with the above, such as Creative Commons or MIT (it cannot be more restrictive, though!) In the later case, we will mark your work as subject to the licence you chose.

CREDITS
Min and Kimy for the code.
Zadil and Koffii for the devices in Devious Devices Assets.
Coopervane for his enormous contributions to Devious Devices - Expansion.
Princessity and Srende for code contributions and testing.
Zenetx for his Gags Overhaul, which has been officially adopted.
Xaz for code contributions, as well as his development of numerous animations used by this mod.
ZaZ Chris for some of the custom animations and assets used by this mod. Some assets from the excellent ZaZ Animation Pack have been rebundled with DD as per ZAP's general use permissions.
SpaceHamster and Billyy for the awesome bound animations.
Lordescobar666 for code contributions.
Veladarius and UrbanSniper for the quest-design and dialogue.
Cedec0 for the bound combat that is now a part of this mod.
MaikCG for the alternative bound combat animations.
Heretical for contributing Heretic Resource Pack models
Pincopallino, Feuertin and El Duderino for all the awesome items.
Aelie for the code contributions.
Jbezorg, UrbanSniper, Ms Leeches, Aelie, Coopervane, Veladarius, Stobor, Pinute, Srende, KomradePavlov, Slorm, Skeuomorph, Aareyn, Zacko, KestrelSky, Naaitsab, MixedupJim, Mord Sif for participating in the Beta, and beta-testing new releases.
LoversLab Forum Members for some great suggestions and putting this mod to good use.

TROUBLESHOOTING
If you run into issues, please read the FAQ first. If this doesn't solve your problem, use the search feature: Most questions you're going to ask have probably already been answered. If you're still unable to find the answer to your issue, please post in the support thread proving a Papyrus log and an in-depth description about your issue to allow us to figure out what went wrong there and why. Do NOT PM maintainers with bug reports. Bug reports go in the support thread and only there! Bug reports not accompanied by a log and/or sent via PM will likely be ignored.